fix: PD-14692 Update command matching the new version (#25)
cloudconformity/azure-onboarding-scripts: README.md

This new Custom role along with the built-in "Reader" role will be applied to either all the Subscriptions in the
Active Directory or just the subscription that is specified.

> The script can also be used to create a new App Registration with the default name "Conformity Azure access".Make sure there has no existing App with the default name.

Reviewer: 🔧 I don't think that this additional information is needed at this point as this is just an overview and isn't about running the script. 

I also think that scenario is already covered in the readme below:

> If you choose to use the "Conformity Azure access" App Registration, and it hasn't been created before, the script with automatically create it and add the required API permissions for Conformity to run the rule checks.

Though it might be a good idea to just keep this generic and update it a bit.

```suggestion
The script can also create a new App Registration to apply these permissions which can be used to allow Conformity to access to your Azure instance.
```

> _Note: Please make sure the Azure CLI version is 2.37.0 or higher version._

Reviewer: 🔧 I think this needs to be much more obvious like it's own section e.g.

```suggestion
### Minimum Azure CLI version

The version of Azure CLI used to run the script must be `2.37.0` or higher
```

This new Custom role along with the built-in "Reader" role will be applied to either all the Subscriptions in the
Active Directory or just the subscription that is specified.

The script can also create a new App Registration to apply these permissions which can be used to allow Conformity to access to your Azure instance.

### Minimum Azure CLI version

> The version of Azure CLI used to run the script must be `2.37.0` or higher

Reviewer: 🔧 We should increase this to `2.40.0` as that is the version we developed against.

```suggestion
The version of Azure CLI used to run the script must be `2.40.0` or higher
```

If you choose to use the "Conformity Azure access" App Registration, and it hasn't been created before, the script with automatically create it and add
the required API permissions for Conformity to run the rule checks.

> While creating your new "Conformity Azure access" App Registration, the script will prompt you to automatically generate a Client secret key.

Reviewer: ♻️ 

```suggestion
The script will automatically generate a Client secret key for the created App Registration. This Client secret key will be displayed when the script has completed. 

This is the only time this secret will be displayed so please store in a secure location for use while setting up your account in Conformity.

_Note: This Client secret key can be revoked and/or new Client secret keys can be generated through the Azure Portal._
```
